# CS2212aGroupProject
For this project you will specify, design, and implement a system that allows for retrieving COVID-19 infection related data for one or more selected countries, computing different statistics on these retrieved data, and rendering the computed statistics on a map. Such an example statistic can be confirmed cases per capita. In order to compute the different statistics, you will need to retrieve data related to total confirmed Covid19 cases to date, a country’s population, Covid-19 confirmed cases for women, or Covid-19 confirmed cases for men. You are free to choose and retrieve other different types of Covid-19 related data in order to perform your own types of analyses. The source of the data can be a file you have downloaded or any site which can be accessed over the Internet and returns an XML or JSON response. Examples of such sites where such data can be retrieved are given in the section “Data Acquisition” below. You are free to pick other web sites that offer data that suit the needs of your analyses. Some example statistics which you can compute for the needs of this project can be a) the total confirmed cases for a given country or a list of countries, b) the total confirmed Covid-19 cases per capita for a given country or a list of countries, c) the total confirmed Covid-19 cases per sex (males or females) for a given country or a list of countries. Your system and your design should allow for new statistical analyses to be added easily without affecting the design or the implementation of existing ones. Once the statistics are calculated they have to be displayed on the map. The way you display the results is up to you, but it has to be intuitive, that is the statistics results are easy to understand, visualise and interpret. For example, the statistics for a country can be displayed by drawing a circle, on the appropriate point on the map, where the area and color of the circle are proportional to the statistical values computed. More details on the rendering of the results can be found in the section “Data Rendering” below. The system will have a main User Interface (UI) where all actions are performed. An example layout of a possible main UI and its different parts is depicted in Figure 1 below.
